[Music]
When creating a graphic, you might need
some elements to move together. A common
example is a lower third, which
typically consists of text with a
background. In addition, the text might
be animated to appear using key frames,
and the background should move and
resize with it. Now, you can easily pin
the background element to match the
position, width, and height of the text.
This means the background will
automatically adjust to the text's size,
ensuring it always fits perfectly. Now,
I'm going to show you how to make this
graphic.
To make a simple graphic, the first
thing you need to do is to add all the
items you want the graphic to contain.
When you have done this, we can start
pinning the items together.
[Music]
To pin the rectangle to the text, you
must press on the rectangle and scroll
down to pin to.
When you press this, you will get the
option to choose what item you want the
rectangle to pin to. In this case, we
only have one option and that is text.
Under the option blind, you have four
buttons that decide if the rectangle
follows the text horizontally,
vertically,
or in all directions.
You have now pinned the rectangle to the
text, so when you change the text, the
rectangle will follow.
Beware if you do the opposite pinning
the text to the rectangle, the
background will not move with the text.
[Music]
If you want the text to be revealed with
the rectangle, you have to press text,
scroll down, and then press the mask
option. Then you again will get the
option to choose what item you want to
mask the text. In this case, we only
have the rectangle. Now, if you want the
text to reveal with the rectangle, you
click on the rectangle and then you find
the scale tool. Then you can choose to
start at zero and end at 100 in the
middle of the graphic.
When you press play, this will happen.
Now you see that the graphic is centered
in the middle. If you want the graphic
to move from the left or right, press
rectangle and find the anchor. By
choosing between these three options,
you can determine how you want the
graphic to Move
[Music]
it.